ci: automate creation of GitHub releases and tags (#1571)
filecoin-project/builtin-actors: README.md

## Releasing

We release all actors, the runtime, and the state abstraction at the same time by opening a PR changing the `workspace.package.version` in the top-level `Cargo.toml` file.

> This triggers CI to create a draft GitHub Release, create the associated tags, and built and upload assets to the release.  When the PR is merged, the GitHub Release will be published.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This triggers CI to create a draft GitHub Release, create the associated tags, and build and upload assets to the release.  When the PR is merged, the GitHub Release will be published.
```

> We release all actors, the runtime, and the state abstraction at the same time by:
> 
> 1. Changing the `workspace.package.version` in the top-level `Cargo.toml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We release all actors, the runtime, and the state abstraction at the same time by opening a PR changing the `workspace.package.version` in the top-level `Cargo.toml` file.
```

> This will trigger an automatic GitHub release and associated tags creation and then it will also trigger bundle-build by GitHub CI, and the generated bundles will be attached to the GitHub release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This triggers CI to create a draft GitHub Release, create the associated tags, and built and upload assets to the release.  When the PR is merged, the GitHub Release will be published.
```

I'm not sure if I have the terminology right, but I think that's encompassing of the overall flow
